Update question-076: Maximum reusable workflows increased from 20 to 50 (#448)
FidelusAleksander/ghcertified: content/en/questions/actions/question-076.md

---

> > https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/reusing-workflows#limitations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/workflows-and-actions/reusing-workflow-configurations#limitations-of-reusable-workflows
```
